together the armoured group and Denver
Corporation provide competitive
comprehensive and uncompromising armored
solutions through a production
partnership the armored group and demo
corporation design and manufacture
armored vehicles for a wide range of
clients including the United Nations
General Dynamics bae Caterpillar and the
United States government customers
around the world trust the armored group
to design and manufacture protection the
armored group is one of the few
companies able to offer a full line of
armored vehicles for a complete range of
applications these vehicles include
executive protection for all makes and
models of armored sedans and SUVs
armored cash-in-transit trucks ranging
from smaller maneuverable check-cashing
vehicles to tandem and tri-axial coin
hauling trucks a full line of police
swat tactical and riot control vehicles
and custom-built military vehicles based
on very strict and in most cases highly
classified specifications as an industry
leader the armored group is well versed
in the requirements of domestic and
foreign markets and has the experience
necessary to meet protection
requirements without compromise to start
the armored group and Denver will work
with you to assess your needs based on a
determination of ballistic threat levels
chassis and operational requirements
engineering teams will work to recommend
a design that maximizes safety for both
crew and cargo this recommendation may
be to produce an existing design or to
develop a completely custom solution for
your specific needs
the armored group and demmer are well
equipped to produce armored executive
passenger vehicles this includes sedans
sport utility vehicles custom luxury
vans and limousines truly any available
vehicle platform across a full range of
brands packages can be designed for any
make model or type of vehicle protection
will be based on a given threat level
and individually tailored to your needs
for blast protection firewall protection
door overlaps armored gas tank
replacement door hinges battery and
engine management control unit
protection run flat tires upgraded brake
and suspension robust and technically
elegant these passenger vehicles are
well designed for discreet executive
security the armoured group and dimmer
offer a full line of cash-in-transit
armored trucks ranging from small pickup
to large tandem and tri-axial armoured
coin trucks armor the chassis of your
choice or choose an existing design
built on the ford e-350 f550 Mercedes
Sprinter freightliner international he
know or navistar demmer corporation with
its extensive military production
background has been able to integrate
design techniques processes and
procedures to build better stronger and
faster vehicles dimmer is able to shape
mold and bend pieces instead of just
cutting and welding with the ford e-350
van the denver corporation has been able
to use its forming capabilities to
reduce welded piece components in the
cash compartment by over sixty percent
these same forming technologies allow
manufacture of one piece side and rear
doors and driver compartment roof armor
the engineering usability and design
considerations of these vehicles yield
maximum convenience and safety for both
crew and cargo
the armored group and Emeril corporation
offer SWAT police tactical and riot
control units that are some of the
safest and most complete in the industry
again your vehicle may be custom
designed for your particular needs or
based on an existing specification such
as the ballistic armored tactical
transport including the back patrol bat
defender bat commander and the
Sidewinder these tactical response
vehicles are geared for both rural and
urban areas designed for both on and off
road with seating to carry 10 to 12
officers these vehicles are capable of
speeds in excess of 85 miles or 140 km/h
the interiors are well insulated and
equipped with heavy duty air
conditioning to provide climate control
and comfort in the harshest of
conditions designs maximize storage for
equipment while maintaining the
ergonomics of the space for officer
comfort bumper-to-bumper fully encased
armored bodies are designed for
close-quarter combat providing
protection up to NIJ for 50 caliber
rounds and higher based on your threat
levels available designs also includes
larger troop carriers tactical command
centers prisoner transport vehicles
rapid deployment and riot control
vehicles as a united states military
contractor denver corporation has a
wealth of experience producing
mine-resistant Ambush Protected vehicles
and other heavily armored equipment an
understanding of the tight
specifications and ground requirements
that are a necessity for this type of
work allowed emer and the armored group
to be highly effective and competitive
in the production of custom military
solutions to include ground up design
and build a complete vehicles
the armored group and demo corporation
work closely together to manufacturer
vehicles too precise customer
specifications where competitors might
be forced to use smaller pieces
additional welds and inferior materials
the armored group is able to leverage
the scale of gamers manufacturing
operations to deliver fabrication
without compromise over 1,500 employees
are responsible for daily manufacturing
operations in over 1 million square feet
of available manufacturing floor space
for many programs the manufacturing
process will begin with ingest of raw
materials such as mill run steel
aluminum or armor plate metal is pre
blasted cleaned and treated to prepare
it for cutting for laser cutters and an
additional four high-definition plasma
cutters carve components out of sheets
of metal these pieces are then brought
into DeMars forming environment where
two large brake presses Bend complex
shapes into materials as tough as four
inch armor plate other pieces are shaped
in one of many three or five axis CNC
milling machines because d'aimer is able
to cut and form such large components
the armoured group vehicles have larger
more continuous pieces of armor than the
competition's in addition to
highly-trained staff Denver utilizes
well over thirty robots in its
operations with through the arcsine
tracking technology these machines
continuously recalibrate to ensure
strong precise welds the processes and
completed products manufactured by
dimmer consistently meet the highest
client and government standards and
every vehicle manufactured meets or
exceeds US federal motor vehicle safety
standards working together the armored
group and denver corporation build
executive passenger cash in transit
police tactical and military vehicles
for clients across North America and
around the world with an innovative
approach and a strong partnership with
the demo corporation the armored group
is ready to take on your you
new projects
you